README.md, before:

# SorterW - v1.1

## What is it?
**SorterW** is an open-source project that helps you quickly sort your files.  
The best part is that you can configure your own file types!  
Just open `properties.types` and change or add types. It's simple because it uses a **JSON** structure.

---

## Commands
Now that the program doesn't have many commands. However, I can highlight some.

` > sort` - opens a window to choose the folder in which files will be sorted. 

` > sort -s=folder-path` - is the same as just `sort`, but you write the path directly in the terminal. 

` > --version` - checks current version.

` > quit` or ` > exit` - exits the program :|



## ✅ Fixes
- Fixed the issue with spaces in paths in the terminal. Example: `C:\Users\Your Name\folder`
- The terminal became more beautiful.

## 🟠 TODO
1. Fix issues related to the label.
2. Add more commands
3. Improve terminal interface.
4. Improve UX.
5. Develop a graphical UI.

## ⚠️ Note
This project has just started, so it is improving over time!

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This project is for **personal and educational use only**.  
> Any commercial use without the author's permission is strictly prohibited!

Commit message:

New commands and improved appearance

README.md, after:

# SorterW - v1.2

## What is it?
**SorterW** is an open-source project that helps you quickly sort your files.  
The best part is that you can configure your own file types!  
Just open `properties.types` and change or add types. It's simple because it uses a **JSON** structure.

---

## Commands
` > sort` → opens a window to choose the folder in which files will be sorted.  
` > sort -s=folder-path` → is the same as just `sort`, but you write the path directly in the terminal.  
` > conf` → opens `properties.types`  
` > rmempty` → opens a window to choose the folder in which empty folders will be deleted.  
` > rmempty -s=folder-path` → is the same as just `rmempty`, but you write the path directly in the terminal.  
` > --version` → shows current version.  
` > quit` or ` > exit` → exits the program :|  

---

## ✅ Improvements
- Added more commands `rmempty` and `conf`.  
- Improved terminal appearance  

## 🟠 TODO
1. Add more commands  
2. Improve terminal interface. (80%)  
3. Improve UX  
4. Develop a graphical UI  

## ⚠️ Note
This project has just started, so it is improving over time!  

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> This project is for **personal and educational use only**.  
> Any commercial use without the author's permission is strictly prohibited!
